[VIS-805] Vision annotator (#324)
cognitedata/cognite-sdk-python-experimental: docs/source/cognite.rst

    :members:
    :show-inheritance:

Vision
--------

The Vision API enable extraction of information from imagery data based on

> their visual content. For example, you can detect external ID or name of
> assets, detect humans and industry related objects and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
their visual content. For example, you can can extract features such as text, asset tags or industrial objects from images using this service.
```
